贡献方针大修；简化包内 README (#2857)
CFPAOrg/Minecraft-Mod-Language-Package: README-en.md

![Packer](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/CFPAOrg/Minecraft-Mod-Language-Package/packer.yml?branch=main&label=Packer&style=for-the-badge)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/CFPAOrg/Minecraft-Mod-Language-Package/blob/main/LICENSE)

</div>

## About this Repository

This is the repository of the project for translating Minecraft mods into simplified Chinese.

This project aims to deal with certain problems where localizations are not accepted in time or simply fail to be accepted.

If you want to join us, please visit our official website and learn more: <https://cfpa.site>

It is also fine to submit pull requests to this repository.

> Before you start, check the important tips from us here: [*Regulations and Guidelines for Simplified Chinese Translation of Minecraft Mods*](https://github.com/Meow-J/Mod-Translation-Styleguide/blob/master/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start, check the important tips from us here: [*Regulations and Guidelines for Simplified Chinese Translation of Minecraft Mods*](https://cfpa.site/TransRules/).
```
之前这个已经过时了，改成我们的
